Add ability to group imports (#403)
fourmolu/fourmolu: web/site/pages/config/defined-modules.md

# `defined-modules`

$info$

> You usually won't need to specify those manually. Fourmolu will fetch those from the Cabal project file.
> 
> See [`import-grouping`](/config/import-grouping) for more info.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Modules to consider as part of the current Cabal package, for the [`import-grouping`](/config/import-grouping) option.

This is automatically detected from the Cabal file, but can be useful to set manually when you don't have a Cabal file.
```

Author: Addressed.
